a this is a printer I've been looking
forward to since I saw it the first time
it's a pre-production micronic SLS
printer unlike most of the other
printers we've looked at this is a laser
printer that can print out of
nylon and get you almost production
ready parts that was
awesome this thing should be able to do
production ready Parts without any
support and with almost any geometry you
could think of which is amazing in box
number two we have the bill ch ber which
holds all of your raw powder and
eventually your completed Parts unlike
most other printers oh
this for this type of printer you need a
full build chamber and we'll get into
exactly why later
on next up we have the powder processing
unit this particular one unfortunately
got damaged during shifing but they were
able to send us a replacement right
away looking inside it
we have a Sie for recycling your powder
a filter and
extractor a bunch of processing tools a
mask and some gloves power adapter
and the powder
itself oh looks like they included a
couple of uh test Parts
too looks like we were sent a couple of
extra care packages as well some more
test
prints ah they made a little H version
of the stubby
good and this last part that we have to
open up is a glass pane to go on top of
the build chamber we've gotten
everything opened up but now we have to
go through the first setup steps for the
printer and all of its components I was
wrong there's more to
unpack inside the printer
itself part removal scooper and some H
hallogen bulbs
we've gotten through the first bit of
setup and now we get to power it
on hey
success and she
goes powder needs to get smacked around
a
little actually
and then it
goes now that the printer set up and
ready to go let's take a look at the
other part of this that I'm quite
intrigued by the slicer it's based on
Unreal Engine which unlike most other
slicers means you can just throw Parts
in have them drop into the build volume
and it'll just self- pack for you which
anyone who's had to pack a build plate
knows that's a massive quality of life
improvement with the other SLS system we
have when we're putting Parts into the
slicer we have to place them all
essentially manually if we want to get
them close together it slicer doesn't
handle things very well ah so you can
see how it's running through each layer
that it's going to print though I can't
tell if it'll show me what the whole
part looks like just from the print file
itself so that might be a surprise for
all of us later let's actually get
printing so insert this
in print from
SD Linus demo 2 hours and 20 minutes
it's going to heat up for probably about
15 minutes and then it'll start actually
going through the process of printing
with all of the SLS printers of this
style they take a very fine powder
spread it across the print bed in a very
small layer heat it up and then hit it
with a laser to turn it into a liquid in
a very small area and Center it together
after that spreads another layer of
powder across and does it again what
that means is you can have any part
geometry you want without any support
and having to worry about it cuz the
uncentered material is your support and
you can recover most of it after the
fact our print finished up overnight
before we take a look at it let's hear
this message from our sponsor thanks to
motion gray for sponsoring this video
their sit to stand desk come in a wide
variety of models and sizes with easy to
follow instructions and all the tools
you need for assembly included right in
the Box check with the Ergo 2 Series
some of the most affordable desks of
this type on the market with a two
segment frame and a quiet but Power
powerful single motor it has a height
adjustment range of 28 to 46 in and
supports up to 176 lb of weight that's
about 80 kg for you metric lovers so
pick up your own motion gray using our
Link in the description and get 10% off
using the code
Linus now we got it out of the printer
we're getting the top glass off placing
our filter back on using our transfer
tool which is a nice little scoop pretty
cleverly designed
place that down here now we're going to
transfer this into our sifting tool
which looking
inside it's a little seeve that'll
recycle a lot of the used powder and
should hold all of our parts above
it this part's going to stay loud for a
bit so we have a couple of
bricks but they didn't break apart too
well
going to break these down by hand a
little bit
more close it up and give it a
shake you can potentially break the
parts if they're really
fragile but from what I saw these ones
should be pretty robust I got most of
the bulk powder off and since we do have
a sand blaster I'm going to take these
over and clean them up over there looks
like we have parts of a lightsaber a
little Deadpool ninja that's cute and
then some more keychains with the
micronics logo and little uh scales on
the back the parts look pretty much
comparable to the other SLS printers
that I've seen in the past break one
just to see
yep there you go so yeah they're
definitely Mighty strong as I would
expect they're essentially solid nylon
though more brittle because of the
nature of how they're made
but certainly a capable printer now that
we've seen the printer all of its parts
and what it can do let's talk about
micronics itself
normally we don't cover kickstarters on
short circuit but for this one we made a
bit of an exception because myself and a
bunch of other people on the team were
really excited about the technology and
the potential options that it could lend
to creators or other people due to its
price point and its form factor compared
to competing products the planned launch
for the kickstarter is June 13th and
they've said they expect things to ship
in April
2025 but as with all kickstarters it's
never a guarantee so your mileage may
vary for another system that's similar
to this capability you're looking at
about
$17,000 at a starting point and this one
is going to run you
$4,500 retail price the kickstarter
price is somewhere between 3,000 and
about 3700 and the overall form factor
of this is movable by one person whereas
if you compare that to the fuse 1 plus
that we have that's at minimum a
two-person move with a lot of
infrastructure around you so the
portability and ease of use of this
potentially makes it accessible to
individual makers or small companies for
the overall specs of the machine they
expect it to be able to hold about1 mm
tolerances for the individual Parts the
total build volume is about 160x 160x
200 mm which is a little bit smaller
than some of the other competitors but
still a pretty good build volume
especially for a printer of this size
which is about 3 10x 330x 700 mm again
pretty movable by one person having this
printer and using it has made me more
excited about it than less thanks for
watching this short circuit if you liked
it and want to see more check out our
prusa markv video